# LGFC-CNN
LGFC-CNN is a new deep learning modelthat combines raw sequence composition features and hand-designed features to predict lncRNA-protein interactions. The whole LGFC-CNN model consists of three basic modules for analyzing the input raw sequence composition features and hand-designed features; and an ensemble module for integrating the output from the basic modules. 
## System Requirements
The LGFC-CNN is supported on Linux operating system python 3.6, Keras version=2.3.1, TensorFlow version=1.15.0, scikit-learn version=0.23.2, numpy version=1.17.0
## Content

./LGFC-CNN.py: the python code, it can be ran to reproduce our model.

./Prediction.py: the python code, it can be ran to predict a new lncRNA-protein pair.

./Datasets: the training, testing datasets with sequences and pairs.

./Models: the model generated by our method

./out: the predicted results generated by LGFC-CNN
## Users's Guide
Users need to process experimental data as required for training or testing data files.

(1) get lncRNA feature RED by CPPred[1]

(2) get lncRNA feature DNC,3-mer by BioSeq-Analysis2.0

(3) get protein feature AAC,3-mer and 4-mer by BioSeq-Analysis2.0

(4) predict a new lncRNA-protein pair

`python LGFC-CNN -dataset=21850`

where RPI21850 is lncRNA-protein interaction dataset, and IPMiner will LGFC-CNN will train and test for it. you can also choose other datasets,
such as RPI7317 and RPI1847.
## Reference
[1]	X. Tong and S. Liu, “CPPred: coding potential prediction based on the global description of RNA sequence,” Nucleic Acids Res., vol. 47, no. 8, pp. e43–e43, May 2019, doi: 10.1093/nar/gkz087.

[2] B. Liu, X. Gao, and H. Zhang, “BioSeq-Analysis2.0: an updated platform for analyzing DNA, RNA and protein sequences at sequence level and residue level based on machine learning approaches,” Nucleic Acids Res., vol. 47, no. 20, pp. e127–e127, Nov. 2019, doi: 10.1093/nar/gkz740.
